kanji: (ー) appears in n: 179 words
kanji: (ン) appears in n: 132 words
kanji: (い) appears in n: 103 words
kanji: (ス) appears in n: 94 words
kanji: (ル) appears in n: 85 words
kanji: (ト) appears in n: 84 words
kanji: (し) appears in n: 68 words
kanji: (る) appears in n: 66 words
kanji: (イ) appears in n: 66 words
kanji: (ラ) appears in n: 55 words
kanji: (ア) appears in n: 54 words
kanji: (り) appears in n: 51 words
kanji: (ド) appears in n: 48 words
kanji: (リ) appears in n: 47 words
kanji: (く) appears in n: 46 words
kanji: (ッ) appears in n: 45 words
kanji: (っ) appears in n: 45 words
kanji: (ジ) appears in n: 44 words
kanji: (か) appears in n: 42 words
kanji: (大) appears in n: 41 words
kanji: (ク) appears in n: 41 words
kanji: (れ) appears in n: 40 words
kanji: (た) appears in n: 40 words
kanji: (レ) appears in n: 38 words
kanji: (ら) appears in n: 38 words
kanji: (タ) appears in n: 38 words
kanji: (ま) appears in n: 37 words
kanji: (な) appears in n: 37 words
kanji: (学) appears in n: 36 words
kanji: (と) appears in n: 36 words
kanji: (本) appears in n: 34 words
kanji: (日) appears in n: 34 words
kanji: (国) appears in n: 34 words
kanji: (ん) appears in n: 34 words
kanji: (ロ) appears in n: 34 words
kanji: (に) appears in n: 34 words
kanji: (き) appears in n: 34 words
kanji: (人) appears in n: 32 words
kanji: (け) appears in n: 32 words
kanji: (う) appears in n: 32 words
kanji: (フ) appears in n: 31 words
kanji: (シ) appears in n: 31 words
kanji: (田) appears in n: 30 words
kanji: (プ) appears in n: 30 words
kanji: (え) appears in n: 30 words
kanji: (も) appears in n: 28 words
kanji: (テ) appears in n: 28 words
kanji: (す) appears in n: 28 words
kanji: (行) appears in n: 27 words
kanji: (生) appears in n: 27 words
kanji: (地) appears in n: 27 words
kanji: (て) appears in n: 27 words
kanji: (カ) appears in n: 27 words
kanji: (名) appears in n: 26 words
kanji: (作) appears in n: 25 words
kanji: (中) appears in n: 25 words
kanji: (め) appears in n: 25 words
kanji: (グ) appears in n: 25 words
kanji: (あ) appears in n: 25 words
kanji: (定) appears in n: 24 words
kanji: (上) appears in n: 24 words
kanji: (一) appears in n: 24 words
kanji: (わ) appears in n: 24 words
kanji: (さ) appears in n: 24 words
kanji: (年) appears in n: 23 words
kanji: (つ) appears in n: 23 words
kanji: (ち) appears in n: 23 words
kanji: (出) appears in n: 22 words
kanji: (入) appears in n: 22 words
kanji: (事) appears in n: 22 words
kanji: (お) appears in n: 22 words
kanji: (長) appears in n: 21 words
kanji: (部) appears in n: 21 words
kanji: (書) appears in n: 21 words
kanji: (合) appears in n: 21 words
kanji: (会) appears in n: 21 words
kanji: (ャ) appears in n: 21 words
kanji: (記) appears in n: 20 words
kanji: (新) appears in n: 20 words
kanji: (戦) appears in n: 20 words
kanji: (ュ) appears in n: 20 words
kanji: (デ) appears in n: 20 words
kanji: (そ) appears in n: 20 words
kanji: (サ) appears in n: 20 words
kanji: (コ) appears in n: 20 words
kanji: (こ) appears in n: 20 words
kanji: (自) appears in n: 19 words
kanji: (業) appears in n: 19 words
kanji: (メ) appears in n: 19 words
kanji: (ビ) appears in n: 19 words
kanji: (バ) appears in n: 19 words
kanji: (立) appears in n: 18 words
kanji: (成) appears in n: 18 words
kanji: (山) appears in n: 18 words
kanji: (前) appears in n: 18 words
kanji: (分) appears in n: 18 words
kanji: (体) appears in n: 18 words
kanji: (よ) appears in n: 18 words
kanji: (ニ) appears in n: 18 words
kanji: (キ) appears in n: 18 words
kanji: (オ) appears in n: 18 words
kanji: (発) appears in n: 17 words
kanji: (用) appears in n: 17 words
kanji: (同) appears in n: 17 words
kanji: (主) appears in n: 17 words
kanji: (ム) appears in n: 17 words
kanji: (の) appears in n: 17 words
kanji: (ナ) appears in n: 17 words
kanji: (ウ) appears in n: 17 words
kanji: (高) appears in n: 16 words
kanji: (通) appears in n: 16 words
kanji: (社) appears in n: 16 words
kanji: (現) appears in n: 16 words
kanji: (方) appears in n: 16 words
kanji: (実) appears in n: 16 words
kanji: (場) appears in n: 16 words
kanji: (代) appears in n: 16 words
kanji: (ョ) appears in n: 16 words
kanji: (み) appears in n: 16 words
kanji: (マ) appears in n: 16 words
kanji: (ィ) appears in n: 16 words
kanji: (東) appears in n: 15 words
kanji: (手) appears in n: 15 words
kanji: (後) appears in n: 15 words
kanji: (度) appears in n: 15 words
kanji: (対) appears in n: 15 words
kanji: (動) appears in n: 15 words
kanji: (ブ) appears in n: 15 words
kanji: (だ) appears in n: 15 words
kanji: (間) appears in n: 14 words
kanji: (理) appears in n: 14 words
kanji: (民) appears in n: 14 words
kanji: (時) appears in n: 14 words
kanji: (川) appears in n: 14 words
kanji: (小) appears in n: 14 words
kanji: (全) appears in n: 14 words
kanji: (ミ) appears in n: 14 words
kanji: (ポ) appears in n: 14 words
kanji: (パ) appears in n: 14 words
kanji: (は) appears in n: 14 words
kanji: (せ) appears in n: 14 words
kanji: (開) appears in n: 13 words
kanji: (選) appears in n: 13 words
kanji: (経) appears in n: 13 words
kanji: (知) appears in n: 13 words
kanji: (画) appears in n: 13 words
kanji: (文) appears in n: 13 words
kanji: (所) appears in n: 13 words
kanji: (意) appears in n: 13 words
kanji: (で) appears in n: 13 words
kanji: (集) appears in n: 12 words
kanji: (道) appears in n: 12 words
kanji: (連) appears in n: 12 words
kanji: (車) appears in n: 12 words
kanji: (藤) appears in n: 12 words
kanji: (者) appears in n: 12 words
kanji: (目) appears in n: 12 words
kanji: (特) appears in n: 12 words
kanji: (機) appears in n: 12 words
kanji: (期) appears in n: 12 words
kanji: (最) appears in n: 12 words
kanji: (教) appears in n: 12 words
kanji: (当) appears in n: 12 words
kanji: (市) appears in n: 12 words
kanji: (子) appears in n: 12 words
kanji: (共) appears in n: 12 words
kanji: (ワ) appears in n: 12 words
kanji: (ろ) appears in n: 12 words
kanji: (ベ) appears in n: 12 words
kanji: (ダ) appears in n: 12 words
kanji: (関) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (野) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (語) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (設) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (言) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (解) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (表) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (続) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (物) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (来) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (明) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (改) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (多) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (団) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (北) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (内) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (公) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (下) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (ボ) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (ど) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (チ) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (ソ) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (じ) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (ガ) appears in n: 11 words
kanji: (館) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (電) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (近) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (議) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (要) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (結) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (点) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (海) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (校) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (松) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (曜) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (平) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (島) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (変) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (回) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (員) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (和) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (原) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (加) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (制) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (初) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (優) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (使) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (井) appears in n: 10 words
kanji: (金) appears in n: 9 words
kanji: (見) appears in n: 9 words
kanji: (編) appears in n: 9 words
kanji: (空) appears in n: 9 words
kanji: (神) appears in n: 9 words
kanji: (正) appears in n: 9 words
kanji: (格) appears in n: 9 words
kanji: (村) appears in n: 9 words
kanji: (朝) appears in n: 9 words
kanji: (指) appears in n: 9 words
kanji: (外) appears in n: 9 words
kanji: (士) appears in n: 9 words
kanji: (取) appears in n: 9 words
kanji: (務) appears in n: 9 words
kanji: (備) appears in n: 9 words
kanji: (ピ) appears in n: 9 words
kanji: (ゴ) appears in n: 9 words
kanji: (エ) appears in n: 9 words
kanji: (面) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (鉄) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (重) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (進) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (送) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (軍) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (論) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (西) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (置) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (称) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (示) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (王) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (無) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (演) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (法) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (決) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (気) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (楽) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (木) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (有) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (月) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (料) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (数) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (持) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (形) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (式) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (工) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (岡) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (属) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (女) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (基) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (区) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (勝) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (力) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (信) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (保) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (以) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (付) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (交) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (不) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (べ) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (ば) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (ネ) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (ず) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (ギ) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (ェ) appears in n: 8 words
kanji: (院) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (限) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (都) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (運) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (転) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (身) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (読) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (話) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (計) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (著) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (能) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (聞) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (義) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (統) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (福) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (相) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (番) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (男) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (産) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (治) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (歴) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (武) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (止) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (様) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (政) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (放) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (思) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (得) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (建) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (広) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (少) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (家) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (在) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (図) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (命) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (号) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (収) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (化) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (別) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (判) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (元) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (位) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (京) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (世) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (三) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (ょ) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (や) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (ホ) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (ほ) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (ァ) appears in n: 7 words
kanji: (題) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (音) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (青) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (隊) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (載) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (資) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (認) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (規) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (術) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (英) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (考) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (線) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (組) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (確) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (流) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (殺) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (歌) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (映) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (族) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (提) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (性) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (急) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (役) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (強) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (店) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (常) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (宮) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (字) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (始) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (天) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (報) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (域) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (向) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (古) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (受) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (反) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (参) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (単) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (利) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (刊) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (再) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (典) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (先) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (任) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (ペ) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (ツ) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (セ) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (ズ) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (げ) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (ケ) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (が) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (々) appears in n: 6 words
kanji: (類) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (除) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (録) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (配) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (違) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (過) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (造) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (起) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (質) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (調) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (説) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (観) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (補) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (装) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (良) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (興) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (総) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (終) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (約) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (章) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (種) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (程) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (移) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (科) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (県) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (直) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (異) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (略) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (町) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (申) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (由) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (球) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (状) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (準) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (活) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (洋) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (注) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (水) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (毎) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (残) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (死) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (権) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (構) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (査) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (敗) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (支) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (推) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (戸) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (感) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (愛) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (復) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (引) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (師) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (差) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (崎) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (害) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (安) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (存) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (太) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (売) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (土) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (器) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (問) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (品) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (告) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (史) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (台) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (口) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (協) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (創) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (切) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (兵) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (党) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (停) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (修) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (住) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (伝) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (今) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (ユ) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (ゆ) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (モ) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (ひ) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (ご) appears in n: 5 words
kanji: (験) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (駅) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (首) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (領) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (陸) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (防) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (門) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (郎) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (達) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (週) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (速) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (退) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (述) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (足) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (象) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (谷) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (護) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (詳) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (証) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (親) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (視) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (製) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (衛) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (華) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (芸) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (艦) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (育) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (継) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (籍) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (管) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (競) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (石) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (皇) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (的) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (界) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (環) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (版) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (済) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (消) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (比) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (次) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (橋) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (標) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (検) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (案) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (株) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (条) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (曲) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (星) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (旅) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (撃) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (描) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (投) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (態) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (想) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (応) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (心) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (座) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (府) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (帰) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (帯) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (州) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (展) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (屋) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (将) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (客) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (官) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (型) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (園) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (営) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (商) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (呼) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (味) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (周) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (各) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (可) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (博) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (南) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (半) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (医) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (勢) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (劇) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (便) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (佐) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (伊) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (件) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (仮) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (令) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (仕) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (予) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (両) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (ヤ) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (む) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (ぶ) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (び) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (ハ) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (ノ) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (ね) appears in n: 4 words
kanji: (魔) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (馬) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (香) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (食) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (頼) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (項) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (韓) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (革) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (非) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (離) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (際) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (階) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (険) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (阪) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (鑑) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (銀) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (量) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (適) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (輪) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (路) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (跡) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (超) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (走) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (賞) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (貴) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (負) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (警) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (識) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (講) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (諸) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (課) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (誌) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (試) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (評) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (訳) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (許) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (覧) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (街) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (衆) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (葉) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (落) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (舎) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (脚) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (職) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (美) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (緯) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (紀) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (系) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (米) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (算) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (策) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (筆) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (竹) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (秀) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (票) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (研) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (短) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (着) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (真) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (省) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (盟) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (登) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (独) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (港) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (測) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (浜) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (河) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (没) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (求) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (氏) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (母) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (段) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (歩) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (横) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (極) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (根) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (果) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (材) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (未) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (更) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (昇) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (旧) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (施) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (整) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (攻) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (携) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (換) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (接) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (拠) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (技) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (打) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (戻) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (情) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (悪) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (恋) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (念) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (必) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (徳) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (御) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (彼) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (影) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (張) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (弟) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (幕) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (帝) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (局) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (導) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (専) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (宣) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (宝) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (完) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (守) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (失) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (夫) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (声) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (増) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (境) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (城) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (含) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (吉) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (司) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (及) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (去) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (印) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (千) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (助) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (割) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (列) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (処) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (児) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (像) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (健) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (個) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (価) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (供) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (例) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (低) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (他) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (九) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (与) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (を) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (ヨ) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (ゃ) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (づ) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (ぞ) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (ゼ) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (ざ) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (ゲ) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (ぎ) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (ォ) appears in n: 3 words
kanji: (黄) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (鳥) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (鮮) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (騎) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (駆) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (飛) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (風) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (願) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (頭) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (順) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (頂) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (響) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (難) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (雄) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (隣) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (障) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (陽) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (降) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (阿) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (闘) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (釈) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (酒) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (避) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (遺) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (途) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (追) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (返) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (迎) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (辺) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (辞) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (輸) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (較) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (趣) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (赤) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (賀) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (費) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (財) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (豊) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (請) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (談) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (誤) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (誕) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (該) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (詩) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (詞) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (訪) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (訂) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (角) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (複) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (裁) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (被) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (血) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (藩) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (蔵) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (若) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (般) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (航) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (舞) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (致) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (至) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (背) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (聖) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (習) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (翌) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (群) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (署) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (罪) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (織) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (績) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (練) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (締) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (網) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (絵) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (給) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (細) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (索) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (級) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (紙) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (純) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (答) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (等) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (第) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (笑) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (端) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (究) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (積) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (稿) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (秋) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (私) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (祭) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (督) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (監) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (盛) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (百) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (白) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (療) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (病) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (留) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (甲) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (玉) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (率) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (獣) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (献) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (父) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (爵) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (爆) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (然) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (為) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (火) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (漢) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (源) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (満) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (湾) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (渡) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (減) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (清) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (深) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (浦) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (派) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (泉) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (況) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (沿) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (沢) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (沖) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (池) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (江) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (模) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (概) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (植) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (森) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (桜) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (柔) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (林) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (板) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (暦) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (景) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (普) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (昭) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (春) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (早) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (旨) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (旗) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (敷) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (撮) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (援) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (探) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (授) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (挙) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (括) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (拡) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (抗) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (承) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (批) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (扱) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (房) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (慶) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (惑) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (怪) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (従) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (徒) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (弾) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (弁) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (延) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (廃) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (康) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (庫) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (幹) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (幸) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (幅) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (希) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (巨) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (左) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (岩) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (居) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (寺) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (審) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (富) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (密) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (寄) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (宿) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (容) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (室) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (宗) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (宇) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (宅) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (季) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (姿) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (姉) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (妹) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (好) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (奈) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (夜) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (夏) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (壊) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (塚) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (執) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (坂) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (囲) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (四) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (善) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (哲) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (否) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (君) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (右) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (友) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (危) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (午) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (十) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (勲) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (効) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (功) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (副) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (則) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (券) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (刑) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (冬) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (写) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (冒) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (兼) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (八) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (光) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (兄) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (催) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (値) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (候) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (倉) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (係) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (侵) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (似) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (伴) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (伯) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (企) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (仲) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (仏) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (介) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (五) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (二) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (争) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (了) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (乱) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (乗) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (丁) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (ぼ) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (ふ) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (ヒ) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (ザ) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (―) appears in n: 2 words
kanji: (龍) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (齢) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (黒) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (麻) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (鹿) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (鶴) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (魚) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (魂) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (鬼) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (骨) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (駿) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (駐) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (顧) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (顔) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (額) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (頃) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (頁) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (静) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (露) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (霧) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (霊) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (震) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (雲) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (雪) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (雨) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (雑) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (雅) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (隻) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (隆) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (陵) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (陳) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (陣) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (附) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (阜) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (闇) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (閲) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (閣) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (閉) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (鐵) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (鏡) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (鎖) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (鎌) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (鋼) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (銃) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (鈴) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (針) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (里) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (酸) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (郷) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (郵) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (郡) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (郊) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (邦) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (遷) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (遣) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (遠) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (遅) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (逮) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (逐) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (逆) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (込) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (辻) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (農) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (轄) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (輝) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (輔) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (軽) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (軸) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (軟) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (軒) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (軌) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (躍) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (距) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (越) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (購) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (賢) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (賛) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (貿) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (貼) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (買) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (責) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (貫) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (販) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (貨) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (貢) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (貞) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (譲) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (謡) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (謝) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (謎) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (誰) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (誠) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (誘) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (誉) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (訴) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (訟) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (訓) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (討) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (触) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (襲) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (裕) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (裏) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (衝) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (融) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (虹) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (虎) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (蘭) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (薬) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (薫) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (薦) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (蒸) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (菱) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (菜) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (荘) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (荒) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (草) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (茶) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (茨) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (茂) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (花) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (芝) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (色) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (艇) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (船) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (舗) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (臨) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (臣) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (腕) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (脳) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (脱) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (胸) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (胞) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (肉) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (聴) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (耳) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (翼) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (翻) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (翔) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (羽) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (羅) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (纂) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (繰) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (縄) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (縁) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (緒) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (緑) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (緊) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (綱) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (維) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (絶) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (絡) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (紹) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (紫) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (素) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (紋) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (紅) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (精) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (簡) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (築) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (篇) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (範) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (節) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (箱) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (箇) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (筋) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (童) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (竣) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (竜) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (竄) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (窓) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (突) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (穴) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (稲) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (稚) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (秦) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (秘) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (秒) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (禁) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (祖) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (祐) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (祉) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (礼) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (礎) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (碑) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (硬) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (破) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (砲) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (矢) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (瞳) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (眼) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (看) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (盤) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (益) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (皆) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (症) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (疑) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (畿) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (班) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (玄) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (獺) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (獲) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (獄) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (猫) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (狼) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (犯) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (犬) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (牛) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (燃) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (熱) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (熊) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (照) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (炎) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (災) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (澤) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (潟) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (潜) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (漫) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (滋) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (滅) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (湯) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (湖) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (温) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (渋) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (渉) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (混) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (淳) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (液) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (涯) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (涙) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (浩) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (洲) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (津) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (洞) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (泰) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (波) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (沙) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (永) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (氷) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (毛) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (殿) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (殊) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (歳) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (歓) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (欧) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (欄) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (樹) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (棟) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (棋) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (械) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (梨) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (桂) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (核) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (栄) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (栃) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (柴) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (柳) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (柱) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (染) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (架) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (枠) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (枝) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (枚) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (析) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (杯) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (束) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (李) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (札) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (末) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (望) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (朗) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (服) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (替) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (曖) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (暮) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (暫) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (暗) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (智) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (晴) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (晋) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (晃) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (是) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (昧) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (昔) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (易) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (昌) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (旦) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (既) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (断) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (斗) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (斎) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (斉) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (敵) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (敬) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (散) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (故) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (操) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (撲) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (撤) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (摩) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (摘) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (搭) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (揮) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (掲) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (措) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (採) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (捜) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (捕) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (挿) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (振) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (挑) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (拳) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (拒) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (担) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (押) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (抵) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (披) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (択) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (抜) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (扉) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (應) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (憶) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (憲) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (慮) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (患) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (悠) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (悟) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (恵) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (息) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (恐) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (快) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (忠) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (忘) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (志) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (忍) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (徹) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (徴) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (循) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (律) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (待) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (往) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (彩) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (弧) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (弘) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (庭) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (床) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (庁) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (幼) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (幡) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (幌) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (帳) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (席) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (布) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (巻) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (己) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (巡) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (嵐) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (崩) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (崇) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (峰) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (峠) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (岸) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (岳) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (岐) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (履) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (層) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (尾) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (就) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (尚) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (尋) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (射) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (寿) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (察) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (寛) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (宙) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (宏) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (宋) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (孫) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (孝) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (媛) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (婦) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (婚) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (娘) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (姫) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (委) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (姓) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (妻) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (妥) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (妖) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (妃) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (奨) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (奥) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (契) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (奏) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (央) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (夢) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (壁) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (墳) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (墓) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (塾) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (塩) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (塔) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (塁) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (堺) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (堂) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (堀) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (埼) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (坊) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (均) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (圭) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (圏) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (國) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (固) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (困) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (因) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (嘉) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (啓) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (唱) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (唯) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (唐) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (咲) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (呉) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (吾) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (吸) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (叢) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (又) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (厚) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (即) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (占) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (卒) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (勤) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (募) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (勇) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (労) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (劉) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (剤) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (剣) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (剛) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (削) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (刻) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (刷) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (到) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (刀) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (函) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (冠) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (冊) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (円) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (具) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (六) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (免) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (充) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (億) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (僚) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (僕) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (働) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (傾) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (傷) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (傘) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (偶) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (偵) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (側) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (倶) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (倍) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (俺) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (俳) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (俊) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (侯) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (依) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (併) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (佳) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (何) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (休) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (仰) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (仙) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (仁) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (亮) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (亭) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (亡) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (亜) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (互) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (之) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (久) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (丸) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (丘) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (万) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (七) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (ヲ) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (ぽ) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (ヘ) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (へ) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (ぬ) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (ぜ) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (ヶ) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (ぐ) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (～) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (｜) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (］) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (［) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (？) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (＞) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (＝) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (＜) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (／) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (．) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (－) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (，) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (＋) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (＆) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (％) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (！) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (〕) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (〔) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (】) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (【) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (》) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (《) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (〉) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (〈) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (☆) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (★) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (●) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (○) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (→) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (←) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (※) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (…) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (”) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (“) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (’) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (‐) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (×) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (５) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (４) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (３) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (２) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (１) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (０) appears in n: 1 words
kanji: (〇) appears in n: 1 words
